add SC3.3.7 (#591)
Orange-OpenSource/a11y-guidelines: src/en/web/design/forms.md

**Don’t:**  
![screenshot of a form displaying irrelevant error messages](../../images/formulaire-ko.png)

## Limit redundant entries

**Target:**  People with cognitive disabilities (especially with memory difficulties).

> **When:** During design.

Reviewer: It implies thinking about how to store informations during the session and/or process, using the correct value for `autocomplete` attribute, auto-populating inputs, etc. SOunds more like a dev thing to me no?

Author: design and development

**Description:**  
The intent of this criteria is to reduce the cognitive effort required by filling out forms with redundant entries.

People with memory problems may have difficulty if a form asks to enter information that has already been entered before. For example: having to enter your email address a second time.
 
Forcing the user to enter the same information several times can cause stress or cognitive fatigue with the risk of generating incorrect entries.
The user may find it impossible to continue the customer journey, or even abandon the task.

Information previously entered by or provided to the user that is required to be entered again in the same process is either auto-populated, or available for the user to select.

**Checklist:**

> In a process that requires entering information several times (for example multi-step form), check that at least one of following conditions is met:

Reviewer: I would say 'at least one of **the** following conditions is met', no?

* Fields whose data has already been entered are filled automatically.
* User can select data already entered from a list.

> * User can check a box to automatically fill a form with data already entered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
* User can check a box to automatically fill an input with data already entered.
```

> Using an auto-completion system is not considered sufficient.

Reviewer: WCAG: 'The autocomplete feature of browsers is not considered sufficient' (https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/redundant-entry.html)

autocomplete from the website = autocomplete from the browser?

**Exceptions:**
* Essential uses of input re-entry for things like memory games.
* Security measures such as preventing a password string from being shown or copied. 
* When the previously entered information is no longer valid (expired session).

**Benefits:**
Simplify filling out a form for all users, especially those with cognitive and/or motor problems.

**Valid example:**
In the case of a purchase form that asks to enter a billing address and a delivery address, if the user has already entered the billing address and the delivery address is the same, then it must be possible, from the interface, to automatically fill in the delivery address based on the information entered for the billing address.
For example, this could be a check box that automatically duplicate information already entered.

> **Non valid example:**

Reviewer: 'Non-valid' in english.

> On an e-commerce website, a user launches a search with the keyword “coat” and consults the results page.

Reviewer: Simple quotes in english: 'coat' instead of "coat"

After consulting the details of an item included in the list of results, if the user returns to the search page, the word "coat" no longer appears in the search field and no list of searches already carried out is offered/available.

**<abbr>WCAG reference</abbr> :**  

> <a href=https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/redundant-entry>3.3.7 Redundant Entry</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/redundant-entry">3.3.7 Redundant Entry</a>
```
